here's a fully agree we are promoting a
healthy planet our generators are
powered by biodiesel
we are the cycling motor the bechamel
finish with it and we also offer some
stars tonight the opportunity to evolve
on the red carpet and hybrid cars Sun
happy on farm you had 21 scars to the
stuff on that offer
everything together so Hillary I mean
human doing big things awesome
I'm saying like what how is your summer
get up here I think good I've been
touring and all the shows have been good
and just kind of bouncing out all the
potential that's what's up pick out
Hillary dump in your town Oh
chillin um you know I'm a big amusement
park - I love on amusement park crazy
rides on that matter of fact y'all went
on this one go car ride a bike on the
bus I gotta check this out its frame
look no magnet idiot so you wanted to
talk with bronzer the Sun gotta take it
down right
ha ha ha I'm totally fine
this is only my second
full of it is most evil
Wow
the lucky fish
Jessica John don't you can John don't
you get your life
I'm serious no Josh don't drink and
drive i real saw you meant anything you
know it let's move on to give out the
next award here are two lucky stars
nominated from this Union we all twisted
up getting here is everybody I presented
and winners tonight for choice TV
breakout extra extra smart girl America
that cool cool that you wanted is
restless
thank you that's my first Teen Choice
Award I'm so excited thank you thank you
guys for voting all the voters and been
an amazing year for us to everybody
having a great time and this is a really
special award to get from a very special
audience so thank you guys okay which
brings us to be importance of refusing
us for quality this is just really
excited aspects of using probably
another word this one for the insight
yeah and sure they're in it anyway let's
see whose exteriors are up for the
hottie award
back
Oh
kid
it's not a bad one in the whole bunch
but the hotties are
I would like to dedicate this award to a
young man's been on my mind for the last
19 years Rock you know as to what I had
thank you drops it in my face
I was pigeon-toed
I had a sway back I was slightly caught
hi
you psyche sucked my thumb look at
me now Rock look at me now
and and I didn't stand next to gorgeous
boys
you know
they got stuck with start of the Fox's
new series Nashville coming up we have
number one performances by Kelly
Clarkson Fergie and the number one movie
in the country Superbad the cat that
ruling will come back and present Justin
Timberlake with the Austin Choice Award
from the 2017 Choice Awards return